So the parents, I got so frustrated.
So. My last two years before my last year.
I was working at the mexican american streets department
and but Iwe, there was a big huge...
National debate wether
Classes and like Crocs and CNN
were and I had.
The Arizona Department of Education in my classroom, like observing us.
Because they thought we were teaching people to overthrow the government.
I'll be in subordinate,  like it's just ridiculous. So.
Yes, to make sure that we were not teaching hate.
And I'm  like,  I have,  I have every color in my classroom. Are you kidding me?
You know like every in show anyways.
At the end of that school year, when all of that went down, they let us all go.
Like giving us these stupid excuses.
Giving us stupid excuses why, why, they let us go. But then.
They probably realized what they did was wrong, so they hired us all back for the next school year.
So after tw- I went to a different school, and I
Because I, littlie you know we got department got this banded, so
We have to go to two different things, but...
Um. Oh, there was this kid. He was a only child.
So spoiled and so bratty, he never did his work.
So. And I was teaching an elective classroom , like, you know what? It's on you. Like
So, when the, when he ended up getting like a zero or an F.
Mom got upset.
Like, why didn't you let me know my son was failing? why you didn't let me know
He didn't turn in the assignments, I'm like
He's your only child. I have 120 students. Why aren't you more on top of your kid? So.
She went to the administration.
And she said, I'm going to go to the school district if you don't change it.
to pasing  it. And they came to me and they're like, when you change his grade, I said, absolutely.
Absolutely not. I don't care if I go. I've already been with the district.
for the past couple years, right? I was like, do not change his grade.
So they changed it behind my back. So it's like.
So it's like they gave him and I was like, okay, I'm done.
And then I started to like wanting to do something different in.
Um, so I left teaching and I let my certificate expire.
Because I wanted to work with victims or survivors of trafficking.
And so I left Arizona and moved to L.A. and I was working with survivors of
you know, sex slave and sex trafficking.
Um, labor trafficking.
And that's when my social work started and that was like...
You know 12 years ago, it's like
I was in the education for 19 years and I left that and now I've been in
Social work for the past 12.
I hope.
I seriously, it was if  I'm so done.
I am so done.
Yeah.
Exactly. Yeah.
You know, just a
Kid, like, like before?
And I'm sure like you guys feel the same if you
Not that you guys would get in trouble, but if you guys got in trouble, like when I got in trouble at school.
My mom was like, wait till we get home.
Like, what did you do? So she had the teacher's back.
Then I get to say my piece and she'll be like, okay I'll listen to you.
But she never, like, dismissed me.
to what what the teacher said and today
Parents are like, no, my student's right, my kid is right, you're wrong, and it's like...
Then you teach them. That's where when COVID happened.
I was like, yeah, I'll let you guys deal with your kids. See what it's like.
Hahaha, ***
Uhuh.. uhum.
Uhuhm.